for a fifth time this year protesters
assembled in their tens of thousands to
March through London this was the first
such event though since the Prime
Minister made a Downing street address
condemning extremism and saying the
protests risk descending into mob rule I
mean it's a rhetoric that they Sprite
whenever they feel that they have no
other justification one chant in
particular continues to draw
condemnation from politicians from the
river to the
Sea
for many Jews from the river to the sea
is an anti-semitic call for the
eradication of Israel protesters here
said it was a call instead for freedom
from oppression for Palestinians at the
moment it's not illegal so that's the
reality so we will chant it because for
us it does not mean what they're trying
to imply it means on Friday the
government's counter extremism
commissioner said London was becoming a
noo zone for Jews on Saturdays that
received push back from a number of
Jewish Community leaders among them
those who oppose these marches the
destination for this protest a South
London neighborhood near the US Embassy
where people rallied and once again
called for an immediate ceasefire so you
have to condemn it you know otherwise
you're condoning it and so I just think
there comes a point where you know you
have to make a choice you can't sit on
the fence the Prime Minister has been
urging more active policing of these
marches on Saturday five arrests were
made earlier the Metropolitan Police had
said it had to police the for as it was
not as others would wish it to be no
question that the main themes of this
protest have of course been about the
killing of so many civilians in Gaza and
the call for an end to the fighting but
there's been an extra element of
defiance as well after Rishi sunak the
prime minister's recent comments people
here saying they aren't going anywhere
they will be coming back week by week
Harry foret Al jazer London